Project Name: Simple Fish Card Game
Description
Simple Fish Card Game is a Python-based card game where players compete to predict the number of tricks they can win in each round. This game is inspired by classic trick-taking games like Oh Hell and Wizard, where players need to carefully manage their cards and strategically make guesses to maximize their scores.

Features
Dynamic Gameplay: The game is played in multiple sets, with each set having an increasing number of cards dealt to players.
Strategic Guessing: Players make predictions about the number of tricks they will win and score points based on the accuracy of their guesses.
Strong Suit Mechanics: Each set features a randomly selected strong suit that can influence the outcome of each hand.
Interactive Player Interface: A player UI allows for easy interaction and decision-making.
Modular Design: The game is designed with modular classes for cards, players, deck, and game management, making it easy to extend or modify.
Installation
Clone the repository:

bash
Copy code
git clone https://github.com/yourusername/simple-fish-card-game.git
cd simple-fish-card-game
Install dependencies:

Ensure you have Python 3.x installed. This project does not currently use any third-party libraries, but you may add dependencies as needed.

How to Play
Run the game manager script:

bash
Copy code
python sfish/game/game_manager.py
Follow the on-screen prompts to input your name and interact with the game.

Make strategic guesses and play your cards to win hands and maximize your score.

Future Enhancements
Implement a graphical user interface (GUI) for a more immersive experience.
Add support for multiplayer online play.
Introduce additional card suits and ranks for more complex gameplay.
Include AI opponents with varying difficulty levels.
Contributing
Contributions are welcome! Please fork the repository and submit a pull request with your changes. Make sure to follow the project's coding guidelines and provide clear documentation for any new features.

License
This project is licensed under the MIT License. See the LICENSE file for details.

